Added Keychron V10 (#19504)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/keychron/v10/readme.md

# Keychron V10

A customizable 75% ergonomic keyboard.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Keychron](https://github.com/keychron)
* Hardware Supported: Keychron V10
* Hardware Availability: [Keychron](https://www.keychron.com)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

> ```base
> make keychron/v10/v10_ansi_stm32l432:default
> ```
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
> ```base
> make keychron/v10/v10_ansi_stm32l432:default:flash
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make keychron/v10/ansi_encoder:default
    make keychron/v10/iso_encoder:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make keychron/v10/ansi_encoder:default:flash
    make keychron/v10/iso_encoder:default:flash
```

Author: Thanks~
